The Joe Rogan experience.
How did you become the undertaker? So,
so that's, that's Vince's brainchild.
So I went to another company WCW where I was a main mark
callous and, uh, the right day I checked that young stud out right there.
That's terrifying in it. Ms.
Hobbit. Yeah, that's a, yeah,
we can take that down anytime.
So I go there and, uh, I was about,
I was there about eight or nine months and, uh,
my contract was coming up and I go,
I go in to renegotiate my contract and they were like, look,
you're great athlete kid, but no one's ever going to pay money to watch Russell.
Like, I'm just looking for a little bit of bump, right.
A little bump in my paycheck. I'm not looking for the mega deal.
I'm just looking for a little bit of bump.
Now we're going to give you the same deal for a year.
I mean, you just, you know, you do great things in the ring,
but no one's ever going to pay money to see you Russell,
did they give you advice on how to get someone to pay? Oh, wow. That was it.
That was it. So I'm like, okay, well my ceiling,
I know where my ceiling is here. Right. So, uh, just through,
uh, you know, a few different people, I get connected with some people in the,
in the WWE WWF at the time WWE now. And, um,
I had a match coming up. My hip was already bad at that point, even back then.
Yeah, it, it got much worse, but I was already limping. And, uh,
and I just heard it when we'd got Vince, you know, they had said art, you know,
they've got a, pay-per-view just watching him work. You know?
So Vance watches me work and I'm calm. Like I I'm I'm, you know,
talking to my buddy, Bruce I'm like, Bruce, my hip is jacked. He goes,
just go out there and Vince is going to be watching. Right.
So I'm working with a guy by the name of Lex Luger,
went out there and did what I could. I sucked. I mean, I, you know, I was,
I was physically, you know, I was physically not able really to,
to go the way I could go. And that's what impressed, you know, he's like, okay,
he's, you know, he's run of the mill. Fortunately guys like, uh, you know,
Paul Heyman and, and, uh, and Bruce Prichard, you know,
they believed in me and they kind of kept pushing for me to get this meeting
with Vince. And finally I did, and he calls me I got to go to his house. Right.
So I go to his house Vince's house, like,
it's nice. It's, he's a Connecticut man.
He's Greenwich. Yeah. So I'm up in hall to the castle. Oh dude.
Yeah. And that's what I'm thinking. Right? Cause most people go to the,
the office to the towers they're in Stanford. Right. And I'm thinking,
I'm going to the house. I got this. Right.
So I go in and have the meeting meeting goes for about an hour and a half.
And you know, and this, you know,
there's a lot of Butler,
but I know we had a housekeeper.
Imagine there'd be a dude with a British accent from the door.
I never saw him just ramped. Right.
You had to be everybody everybody's jacket works. But, uh, so I go,
I go there and uh, you know,
granted we do some hokey. It is what it is.
And they really, at that point had some really, really goofy characters.
And uh, you know, so we're having this,
we're sitting in his living room and he goes, well, mark, you guys,
do you have any hidden talents? You know, other than, you know, wrestling,
do you do anything? You know? And I'm trying to be funny and not nervous.
And uh, well, you know, I was singing in the shower pretty good.
And as soon as I said it, right, I'm like, oh. I shouldn't have said that.
I'm going to be, I'm going to be shower guy or something.
Some silly right shower. I'm going to have to sit, you know, and I'm thinking,
I'm like, oh, I should not have said that. Right. And then I'm like,
I'm kidding. I'm trying to clear the air right away. Like, I'm just getting,
I can't sing. You know? And he, you know, he's got the look right.
And he knows how to, you know, he can read people and he's like, really? Oh no,
I can't. I can't. So I got this long meeting right. At the end of the meeting,
he goes, well, we don't have anything for you right now.
I think, uh, oh. I guess, uh,
I guess overplayed my hand here.
Cause I'd already give WCW my notice that I was leaving. I like, I got it.
I'm this is what I'm thinking in my head. Right. I was like, okay.
He invited me to the house. He's going to hire me. Right. That's all I,
you guys, I'll see you guys down the road. So now I'm sitting there.
I got no job. And uh, anyway, so one day,
uh, it's getting, it's getting close to Thanksgiving and uh,
they start doing this promotion where they've got this giant egg.
You heard the story gobbledygook, the gobbly Cougar. Right?
So we do a pay-per-view around SA uh, around Thanksgiving.
It's called survivor series. So this year, this particular year, it's 1990.
They're gonna, yeah, there it is. Uh,
they've got this giant egg on the set on the TV every week and I'm sitting there
thinking to myself, holy.
I'm going to be now I've gone from shower guy. Now.
I think I'm going to be egg man. Right. I'm going to have to, you know,
I'm trying to grow my hair out and. He's gonna make me shave my head.
I might shave my eyebrows. I'm F I'm going to be egg man off.
And I'm a nervous wreck. Right?
So one day I'm sitting at home phone rings.
I get up and go answer it. Cause we didn't have cell phones back then. Right.
So hello. And he goes, is, uh,
is this the undertaker? I was like, undertaker,
undertaker, undertaker hitting. Heck man.
undertaker. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. This is undertaker. Yeah.
And it was Vince. And that was how I introduced the character to me. He.
Called you up and asked you if you're the.
Undertaker. Yeah. And I had no clue to what it was. Wow. And uh, uh,
I said, yeah, I I'm the undertaker. Cause I knew it wasn't egg man.
And everything had to be better than egg man sing in the shower. Yeah.
It wasn't singing the shower guide. It wasn't egg man flew me up to Connecticut.
The next day he showed me the storyboards and the character of the original
character is based on an old Western undertaker.
You know, the two guys and main street, they had the shootout.
One guy loses the undertaker, comes out and measures them. Does the box.
Well, that was the original likeness and the name, the undertaker.
And uh, he'd just never found the guy he had had it for years, I guess.
So why did he send.
You away the first time.
When you went? He didn't have he at the time he didn't have a spot for me,
but he was thinking, but he was thinking,
and then it kind of dawned on him that he had that character and he just needed
a big guy with no personality.
He needed to go, you know, there was void of personality to do the deal and uh,
and he gave it to me. And um, there's my debut right there.
That's November of 1990. Yeah.
And I was six years old and I was my pants. Where are you?
This was the scariest thing. You can imagine for a six-year-old, you know,
you're watching all these, you know, the Gibbs,
some guy in a chicken suit that came out of that egg to show you how silly
things were back then. So it had our attention.
And then all of a sudden this guy comes out and he's like half dead and you
don't know what's going on and he's scary and dominant more than anything.
Yeah. Th the thing was, was dominant,
but this is the era of everything. I mean,
you could tell this guy's in bright pink. And so that's Coco be aware.
Yeah.
He's wearing some hot.
Yoga pants, you know?
I mean, you know,
that guy had a parrot on his shoulder when he came to the ring. Did he? Yeah.
Right. Was it a parrot?
Yeah. Yeah. Frankie.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.